# Please introduce yourself
- Hi, my name is Gladys Talavera, I'm currently working at UnionBank of the Philippines, and my role is a Software Engineer in the DevSecOps and Microservices Team.

## What are the tech stacks that you use?
- We use Quarkus, a Java framework very similar to Spring, but it's more lightweight and more cloud-native than Spring.
- Our infrastructure use Kubernetes, and in particular, we use Red Hat OpenShift which is an enterprise version of Kubernetes provided by Red Hat. 
- In version control we use GitLab. Our CI/CD pipelines are also stored there.
# UnionBank Projects 

## Instapay ISO20022
- This microservice aims to process Instapay payments while also to upgrade and adhere to the ISO20022 standards of request, response and overall process.
- One of the contributors in this project, this project was so big it needed about 4 developers and a long timeline.
	- So there are some parts of the overall flow that I haven't explored yet.
- But was core in deploying this project to Production environment, as well as hypercare support and L3 support.
- Supporting involved viewing AWS CloudWatch logs of our microservice in Production as means of checking and debugging
- Also supported in creating the necessary hotfixes during hypercare period.
- Adoption and upgrade to a standard messaging methodology known as ISO20022.
- High-level flow:
	- User will attempt to transfer money via Instapay in the Unionbank app.
	- The Unionbank app, also called "Channels", will send the API request to our microservice.
	- The microservice will process the Instapay payment as stated by the ISO20022 standard and as prescribed requirements by Bancnet.
	- Involved consistent collaboration with Bancnet.
- It aims to create consistent message standards across business processes and a key tool in real-time payments structure.
- This project involves heave DB saving and indexing.
- We also made use of the Materialized View feature of PostgreSQL.

## MS Loan Payments
- This project is a collaboration with Samsung Finance+ and UnionBank to provide installment rates and options when a customer buys a Samsung product.
- Main Contributor in this project
- Also helped in deploying this project to Production environment, as well as hypercare support and L3 support.
- Involves integration with Samsung Finance API
- The flow looks like this: 
	- a customer will buy a phone, let's say in the Samsung Shop.
	- the customers avails the loan option by Samsung Finance.
	- Samsung Finance will send the details of the loan in our microservice.
	- Then, the microservice will process the loan to the internal core banking system of UnionBank which is Finacle.
	- After the loan is saved properly in the core banking system, it will make a payment callback to Samsung Finance indicating that the transaction has completed.
- It can also handle "Late Fee" scenarios, this is the high-level flow:
	- the core banking system has a functionality to collect all payments which is beyond their due dates to a file to an SFTP server.
	- we created a Kubernetes Cron Job every 12am as a trigger to check the said SFTP server.
	- the microservice will parse the file and collect all the payments with late fees.
	- after collecting, the microservice will send these details to the specific Samsung Finance callback API
- It involves DB saving and retrieval and saving of some files to an SFTP server.
- Since the call is from outside / external service which is Samsung Finance, this project also involved the collaboration with our API Gateway team to cater the external call to route to our microservice accordingly.

## Personal Loans Calculator
- The high-level flow looks like this;
	- User will attempt to view his Personal Loan options depending on his credit card accounts and existing amount that he can loan via the UnionBank app.
	- The UnionBank app, also called "Channels", will create the necessary API request to our microservice.
	- the Personal Loans Calculator will compute the rates depending on the tenor, amount, and account type.
	- return the result.
- The scenario is also the same when a CitiBank or UnionBank customer call agent will offer a loan promotion specific to a customer.
- Before the agent presents his/her spiel, the rates is already presented to the customer. There is an integration with Salesforce and a specific front-end third-party vendor for this one.
- This microservice involves heavy on mimicking the exact computation of the existing rates and business rules, and also heavy on percentages and decimals.
- Before this, they were just using an Excel file for the computations.

# How do you handle tight deadlines and pressure?
I align with my Tech Lead to schedule tasks accordingly so we could prevent having tight deadlines. 

But there are times that some requirements are changed along the way and that causes the tight deadlines. Because of this, we have to reprioritize and we have to drop tasks that are non-prority, and begin with the tasks that should be prioritized. 

# What are your strengths?
I have observed in myself that I can politely say "no" to tasks that are not part of the aligned schedule. I know my boundaries and I am open to communication should there be any reprioritization of tasks that might happen.

# What are your weaknesses?
I have handled real-life projects myself, but I tend to compare myself with my other colleagues and I want to experience more first-hand projects so I can improve more on my craft and skills.

# Reverse Interview
- What are the tech stacks that is currently used in the role?
- What are the expected/core work hours?
- What does the onboarding look like?
- I would like to know who I would be working most closely with.